fix(ipa0125): Add discriminator and oneOf property guidance (#14)
mongodb/ipa: ipa/general/0125.md

  and response objects allow explicitly setting the type of the object
  - In OpenAPI each `oneOf` property **must** be accompanied by a
    `discriminator` property defining when the exact type will be used
  - In OpenAPI each `discriminator` property **must** be accompanied by a
    `oneOf`, `anyOf` or `allOf` property
    ([OAS 3.1.0 4.8.25.1](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.1.0#fixed-fields-20))
  - If multiple `oneOf` models define a property with the same name, that

>     property **must** have the type in each model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    property **must** have the same data type in each model
```

>     property **must** have the same data type in each model

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    property **must** have the same type or reference in each model
```
